guides/others/setup.md, before:

---
description: Looking for a guide to setup Bloxlink? This is it!
---

# How to setup Bloxlink 🔨

Firstly, say `!setup` in your server! Make sure Bloxlink is able to view and talk in the channel.

This will start the setup process in your DMs! If your DMs are not open, Bloxlink will start the process in the invocation channel.

Bloxlink will send you a `pre-configuration`! Make sure it has all permissions needed that it asks for.

![](https://dark.hates-this.place/f/T5ctXz.png)

Once you did, click the `Next` button, or say `next`.

Let's setup a nickname-template! Look trough the list and pick the one you like! If you do not want people to get nicknamed say `disable`. If you can't pick one, say `skip` and Bloxlink will use the default template (`{smart-name}`).

![](https://dark.hates-this.place/f/tYjTGt.png)

{% hint style="warning" %}
[🧠](https://emojipedia.org/brain/) **Note:** Templates must be spelled like Bloxlink shows you! You must include the curly brackets and dash. For example: `{smart-name}`
{% endhint %}

Now, provide your Roblox group ID or link! Both are OK. If you don't want a group linked or you already linked one, say `skip`.

![](https://dark.hates-this.place/f/5oO4U1.png)

Bloxlink will give a role to linked users with Bloxlink! If you wish to change this role name, provide the new name. If you want the default name (`Verified`) say `skip`. If you don't want Bloxlink give the verified role to users, say `disable`.

![](https://dark.hates-this.place/f/jJyAc8.png)

If you provided a Roblox group ID/link, Bloxlink will ask you if you want to **merge** or **replace** your Discord roles. Pick the one you want.

![](https://dark.hates-this.place/f/dXIojU.png)

{% hint style="warning" %}
[🧠](https://emojipedia.org/brain/) **Note:**\
**Merge** will make Bloxlink create any missing roles from your group.

**Replace** will delete **all** your Discord roles and will create your group ranks. **Be careful**, this **can not be undone**.
{% endhint %}

That's all! You have set up Bloxlink in less than 5 minutes, either say `done` or click the button and all your configuration will take effect!

![](https://dark.hates-this.place/f/zGrE4H.png)

Do you need a better visual guide? Check this video:

{% embed url="https://youtu.be/:ghib7VQv1g" %}

Thanks for using Bloxlink! [❤️](https://emojipedia.org/red-heart/)

### Return to Others Tutorials

{% content-ref url="./" %}
[.](./)
{% endcontent-ref %}

Commit message:

GITBOOK-9: Sai | Complete guide revision and edit

guides/others/setup.md, after:

---
description: Looking for a guide to setup Bloxlink? This is it!
---

# How to setup Bloxlink 🔨

Firstly, say `/setup` in your server! Make sure Bloxlink is able to view and talk in the channel.

This will start the setup process inside of the channel you ran the /setup command in.

Bloxlink will send you a `pre-configuration`! Make sure it has all permissions needed that it asks for.

![](https://dark.hates-this.place/f/T5ctXz.png)

Once you did, click the `Next` button, or say `next`.

Let's setup a nickname-template! Look trough the list and pick the one you like! If you do not want people to get nicknamed say `disable`. If you can't pick one, say `skip` and Bloxlink will use the default template (`{smart-name}`).

![](https://dark.hates-this.place/f/tYjTGt.png)

{% hint style="warning" %}
[🧠](https://emojipedia.org/brain/) **Note:** Templates must be spelled like Bloxlink shows you! You must include the curly brackets and dash. For example: `{smart-name}`
{% endhint %}

Now, provide your Roblox group ID or link! Both are OK. If you don't want a group linked or you already linked one, say `skip`.

![](https://dark.hates-this.place/f/5oO4U1.png)

Bloxlink will give a role to linked users with Bloxlink! If you wish to change this role name, provide the new name. If you want the default name (`Verified`) say `skip`. If you don't want Bloxlink give the verified role to users, say `disable`.

Upon joining Bloxlink creates two roles; the verified and unverified role. You **cannot** set the unverfied role with the /setup command. To edit your unverfied role please head to our [dashboard](https://blox.link/dashboard).

![](https://dark.hates-this.place/f/jJyAc8.png)

If you provided a Roblox group ID/link, Bloxlink will ask you if you want to **merge** or **replace** your Discord roles. Pick the one you want.

![](https://dark.hates-this.place/f/dXIojU.png)

{% hint style="warning" %}
[🧠](https://emojipedia.org/brain/) **Note:**\
**Merge** will make Bloxlink create any missing roles from your group.

**Replace** will delete **all** your Discord roles and will create your group ranks. **Be careful**, this **can not be undone**.
{% endhint %}

That's all! You have set up Bloxlink in less than 5 minutes, click the done button and all your configuration will take effect!

![](https://dark.hates-this.place/f/zGrE4H.png)

Do you need a better visual guide? Check this video:

{% embed url="https://youtu.be/:ghib7VQv1g" %}

Thanks for using Bloxlink! [❤️](https://emojipedia.org/red-heart/)

### Return to Others Tutorials

{% content-ref url="./" %}
[.](./)
{% endcontent-ref %}
